Add particle culling & align document (#1813)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/particle-system/renderer.md

| **ParticleMaterial** | The material used for particle rendering.<br>When use the CPU renderer, that is, when **UseGPU** option is not selected, the effect used by the material can only be `builtin-particle`, and other effects are not supported.<br>When use the GPU renderer, that is, when **UseGPU** option is checked, the effect used by the material can only be `builtin-particle-gpu`, and other effects are not supported. |
| **TrailMaterial** | The material used for trail rendering. The effect of the material only supports `builtin-particle-trail`, not other effects. |
| **UseGPU** | Whether to use the GPU renderer for particle rendering, it is not selected by default.<br>When this option is not checked, use the CPU renderer **ParticleSystemRendererCPU** to render particles.<br>When this option is checked, use the GPU renderer **ParticleSystemRendererGPU** to render particles. |

> | **AlignSpace** | The particle align direction space which includes local space, world space and view space (default). Different space will get different initial particle direction. For example if we use local align space will cause particles of the emitter to use its node's rotation. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **AlignSpace** | Particle alignment space, options include **View** (default), **World** and **Local**, selecting different spaces will determine the initial particle orientation:<br>When View is selected, the rotation direction of the particle mesh will follow the camera's view direction.<br>When World is selected, the direction of the particle mesh will use the world space rotation direction of the emitter node.<br>When Local is selected, the particle mesh will use the local space rotation direction of the emitter node. |
```
